cut up into manageable pieces to
where I can thought-out really
easily on the trail for the nugs
I can take a big giant block in
the trail and expect to be
efficient so I gotta cut this up
into small pieces for what I'm
doing I need about 60 pounds and
me feed my dogs on the trails
dogs need warm Mills so you had
to make it to her doesn't take
you hours and days to prepare
this out there so I'll package
it up bags but this will do for
all three is in that way I'll
take a bag not putting in some
hot water called out in the
cooler so right when I get to
the checkpoint where my dogs are
going to Cancun rest I've got
them already and prepared they
need this red protein me to
build muscle and they burn a lot
of calories you can have these
dogs waitin to get their food
because then they won't recover
correctly